c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\box.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\circle.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\circle2.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\circle3.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\circle4.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\firmamento.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\firmamento2.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\firmamento3.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\night.xnb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\7Circles.dll
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\7Circles.pdb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\FarseerPhysicsXNA.dll
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\FarseerPhysicsXNA.pdb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\7Circles.dll
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\7Circles.pdb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\7Circles.xap
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\bgbase.xnb
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\bglayer1.xnb
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\bglayer2.xnb
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\7Circles.xap
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
C:\Users\Manuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\7Circles\7Circles\7Circles\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\
